shoe(3) -- `rake(1)` tasks for your RubyGems project
====================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`require 'shoe'`  
`Shoe::Tasks.define`('_project.gemspec_')

## DESCRIPTION

`Shoe::Tasks.define()` defines a number of standard `rake(1)` tasks for your
RubyGems project. These tasks derive their configuration from your
Gem::Specification, and they assume you are using `git(1)`.

## TASKS

* `rake clean`:
  Remove ignored files. Calls `git-clean(1)` with the `-fdX` options,
  honoring your `gitignore(5)` rules.

* `rake compile`:
  Compile C extensions with RubyGems' built-in Gem::Ext::ExtConfBuilder,
  reading the `extensions` field in your Gem::Specification.

* `rake cucumber`:
  Run Cucumber features, using the `default` profile in `cucumber.yml`.
  The remaining profiles may be run via namespaced tasks: `rake
  cucumber:wip`, etc.

* `rake rdoc`:
  Generate RDoc documentation with RubyGems' built-in Gem::DocManager, which
  reads the `rdoc_options` and `extra_rdoc_files` fields in your
  Gem::Specification.

* `rake release`:
  Push a release to <http://rubygems.org/>, additionally running `git-push(1)` if
  you have a `git-remote(1)` named `origin`. Before pushing, runs
  `git-commit(1)` and `git-tag(1)` with the current `version` in your
  Gem::Specification.

* `rake ronn`:
  Generate man pages with `ronn(1)` from the `man/*.ronn` sources listed in the
  `files` field of your Gem::Specification. (The generated manpages will then
  be available via `gem-man(1)` once your gem is installed.)

* `rake test`:
  Run tests with RubyGems' built-in Gem::Validator, which reads the
  `test_files` field in your Gem::Specification to know which tests to run.

Note these tasks check conditions before defining themselves, so that your
`rake --tasks` list stays relevant and compact. You won't see all the tasks all
the time.

## AUTHOR

Matthew Todd, <@matthewtodd> on GitHub and Twitter. Do drop me a line if you
use `shoe` -- I'd love to hear from you!

## SEE ALSO

shoe(1),
rake(1),
git(1),
git-clean(1),
git-commit(1),
git-push(1),
git-remote(1),
git-tag(1),
gitignore(5),
gem(1),
gem-man(1),
ronn(1),
<http://docs.rubygems.org/read/chapter/20>,
<http://semver.org/>
