shoe(1) -- generate a RubyGems project
======================================

## SYNOPSIS

`shoe` [-`adehtv`] [_path_]

## DESCRIPTION

The `shoe` command generates a new RubyGems project _The Right Way_, giving you
stubs that respect the `LOAD_PATH` and top-level modules that don't do too
much. `Shoe`'s built-in `rake(1)` tasks then derive their configuration from your
`gemspec` and its surrounding environment, keeping your configuration DRY.

## OPTIONS

`shoe`'s default mode of operation is to generate a basic library, its
`Rakefile`, and some `Test::Unit` tests in the current directory. (You may pass
a different _path_ on the command line, if you like.)

To generate additional files, use the following options:

* `-a`, `--[no-]application`:
  Generate a command-line application. This adds a simple executable script in
  the `bin` directory and an `Application` class that uses the `optparse`
  library to handle command-line options.

* `-d`, `--[no-]data`:
  Generate a data directory. This adds a `data` directory (perfect for HTML
  templates and other static assets) and provides a `datadir` method in your
  top-level module to access it.

* `-e`, `--[no-]extension`:
  Generate a C extension. This adds an `ext` directory with an `extconf.rb` and
  a bare-bones `extension.c` defining a module named `Extension`.

* `-t`, `--[no-]test-unit`:
  Generate Test::Unit tests. This adds a `test` directory with a `helper.rb`
  and a single passing test.

`shoe` also responds to the following standard options:

* `-h`, `--help`:
  Print a help message and exit.

* `-v`, `--version`[=all]:
  Print `shoe`'s version number and exit. If `=all` is given, also print
  version numbers of `shoe`'s dependencies. (This is standard `optparse` behavior
  that deserves more attention!)

## AUTHOR

`shoe` is the fanatical side project of Matthew Todd, who would love to discuss
it with you. He can be reached on email at <matthew.todd@gmail.com> or as
<@matthewtodd> on Twitter.

## SEE ALSO

<http://seattlerb.rubyforge.org/hoe/>,
<http://github.com/technicalpickles/jeweler>,
<http://github.com/sr/mg>,
<http://defunkt.github.com/rip/>,
<http://gembundler.com/>,
<http://github.com/rtomayko/rpg>,
<http://chneukirchen.github.com/rps/>
